Add a job posting sponsorship (#2206)
writethedocs/www: docs/sponsorship/jobs.rst

Job Posting Sponsorship
=======================

We have added a new sponsorship opportunity for companies looking to hire documentarians.
It's a great way to promote your job to our community,
which is full of folks that are passionate about software documentation,
in particular around Docs as Code, API documentation, and developer experience.

This sponsorship includes: 

* A job posting in our monthly newsletter jobs section (Over {{ newsletter_subs }} subscribers)
* A highlighted job posting in our ``#job-posts-only`` Slack channel ({{ slack_members }} members)

Sponsored entry format
----------------------

> The main goal here is to provide the company information, and a link to the job posting.

Author: ```suggestion
This entry format is about putting your information front and centre, and putting the link to your job posting in front of our community.
```

> The format is:

Reviewer: This entry format is about putting your information front and centre, and putting the link to your job posting in front of our community.

* Company name
* Job title
* Job Location / Remote
* Salary (optional)
* Link to job posting

> This will be used to create a newsletter entry, and a Slack post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
This information will be used to create a newsletter entry and a Slack post.
```
